It looks like xacc/4 is not too high a gain for rudder feedback in log 2491,
and log 2493 shows that xacc/16 has higher xacc values
But navigation is bad with this feedback; it appears to turn away from waypoints
in order to fly a wide circle around them.

Question: why would navigation be broken by the addition of rudder in the direction
of the commanded roll?
	This will effectively increase the nav roll KP gain, which would agree with
the observation that turns are more aggressive. If the increased gain results in
nav instability, perhaps that explains the problem. Could try lowering the nav gain
to see if things improve.

	Also note that we now have (statically) positive feedback on the rudder; left bank
while stationary results in left rudder, which will increase the left bank given
the coupling between rudder input and roll. Dynamically, the commanded yaw should
reduce the skid by rotating the centripetal force vector toward the y-z plane (y
forward, z down). So lateral accel to right requires left rudder to correct skid.
The static left bank does angle static acceleration to the right.
... It is the centripetal force vector which we want to rotate parallel to the x
axis. The desired result is (centrip - gravity) perpendicular to x axis or
(centrip - gravity) dot x = 0, which is equivalent to an x component of zero.

Do the logs contain any data to determine whether the nav gain is too high?
	Would need to compare heading error with aileron output...
navigate.c uses COG as actual heading, and compares it to desired_bearing_over_ground.
The desired bearing isn't logged, so only the actual COG and ground track are available.

Looks like cross-track gain is way too high; next flight put rudder = xacc and turn
cross tracking off completely.  Then check to see whether yawkp_aileron is too high

new mod to yawCntrl.c: flap switch up is manual rudder in all modes
down is xacc feedback in all modes; gain is hover throttle [0, 1]
Altered waypoints to one per corner with only 2 on runway. Bomb release point
should be at widest point west of center.
Also altered RTL WP to remove F_LAND and loiter 30m North and 30m high
